Error handling POC (#1366)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/internal/proposals/error-handling/error-handling.md

# Error handling in Director graphql

In compass director, we have to somehow filter errors which should be visible to user.
Basic list of errors which should be displayed to the user:
* Internal error
* Invalid Data
* Not Unique
* Not Found
* Tenant Not Found
* Insufficient Scopes

This list can be split into 2 groups due to different handling:
* internal errors
* the rest of errors, which will be presented to the user

In group of internal errors, are errors from:
* external libraries
* panics
* postgreSQL, except errors like NotFound, NotUnique

To deal with the errors we introduced custom errors, which contains error codes.

## Proposed custom errors and theirs error codes (the error codes can change):

> | Error type           | Error code  |                            Description                                                      |

Reviewer: Why are you mixing two naming conventions here? One with space in between and one without space. I think we should have only one convention.

|----------------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Internal Error       | 1           | Error which cannot be handler in director                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Internal Error       | 1           | Error which cannot be handled in the Director                                                   |
```

| Not Found            | 2           | Error indicate that given resource cannot be found and further processing is impossible     |
| Not Unique           | 3           | Error indicates that given resource is not unique                                           |
| Tenant Not Found     | 4           | Internal Tenant not found in director                                                       |
| InvalidData          | 5           | The input data is invalid, error description should be delivered in error message           | 
| ConstraintViolation  | 6           | Error which indicate that this operation can't happen because referenced resource not exist |
| Insufficient Scopes  | 7           | Error which indicate insufficient scopes                                                    |

NotFoundError can be triggered in mutation like `addPackage` to not existing application.

> ConstraintViolation can be replaced with `NotFound`  error.

Reviewer: So should it be replaced? I do not like having two different ways of handling the same error, it would be confusing.

# Error handling in Director graphql

In compass director, we have to somehow filter errors which should be visible to user.
Basic list of errors which should be displayed to the user:
* InternalError
* NotFound
* NotUnique
* InvalidData
* InsufficientScopes
* ConstraintViolation
* TenantNotFound
* TenantNotExist

This list can be split into 2 groups due to different handling:
* internal errors
* the rest of errors, which will be presented to the user

In group of internal errors, are errors from:
* external libraries
* panics
* postgreSQL, except errors like NotFound, NotUnique

To deal with the errors we introduced custom errors, which contains error codes.

## Proposed custom errors and theirs error codes (the error codes can change):

| Error type           | Error code  |                            Description                                                            |
|----------------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | UnhandledError       | 10          | Error which cannot be handled in director and also is handled in old way                          |

Author: I will remove this error.
